Client Interview

-- Brief:
Ms Sam Stewart

1. Tell us about your company ?
-> New Zealand Music Live, interested in music and musician, prefer live performing.
Instead of youtube, as its more like a recorded video.
only for new zealand musician.
its going to be free for website, sign up for news letter.
color is on our choice,
same to logo, logo is based on us.
simple, stylish.
font will be also based on us.

2. Why do you want a new website ?

3. Contact details
-> 64 Manchester Street,
03 366-1234
sam.stewart@nzmusiclive.co.nz

4. Target audiance.
-> 25 and upwards. unisex who loves music or live music.

5. sharing features, maybe connected to twitter, instagram.

6. Budget, 

7. compare to competitors,
Its free to use, live only. Owner is willing to pay everything for customers. 

8. No need to worry about copyright.

9. recording video as voice is not a live thing.

10. Will record video at some points.

11. Anything that is simple, one of examples we got given, classic, simple, jazzy

12. customer feedback preferred.

13. Blog ?

14. like to incourage people to go and watch live concert so not just saved video. in real world as well maybe.

15. min ~ max : 9 pages to have for this page.

16. dont like bright color, use the color that will be easy to use, read.

17. open to use tag, e.g. band A tag will show every video, live about Band A.

18.NZMusicLive.co.nz

19. Main page will be about what this company is,
then page of band, will link to another 3 pages about video recording that musician did (in terms of live).
link to blog. ( can use real or display)
pages that has a detail of business.( contact details.)

20. Main home screen, to make it encourages people to go out for live.
so maybe couple of photos with live concert ?

9 pages for webpage
1. Home
2. About US
3. Contact US
- Using Form, as Sam wants to send out newsletter
4. Musician Info
-> video / interview with your musician / image
5. Recordings Index
-> list 3 recordings
-> 3 images can be fine, align one line.
6. Recording 1
7. Recording 2
8. Recording 3
-> All recordings will have video / text / images
9. BLOG
-> just a screenshot of any blog.

-- Specification:
My musician is Ladi6.